Bionicle: Destiny of the Toa

Features
BIONICLE: Destiny of the Toa is a 2D top-down RPG with procedurally generated islands and dungeons. Experience the infinite possibilities when it comes to world exploration, start a new game, and get a new world every time, or save the game to reload and explore your absolute favorite world again and again.

Use mask powers to find new ways to explore the world around you. Visit all the different biomes, either by yourself or use the map if you ever get lost.

Help the Matoran villagers by accepting quests. Venture out into the world to gather materials, clear dungeons or defeat enemies 

Controls
WASD: Move
LMB: Normal attack
RMB: Elemental attack
Left Shift: Mask power
1-6: Change character / mask
M: Map
F: Interact
ESC: Quit game
Feedback
This game is only a prototype, and we are aware of some of the technical bugs this version has. We are very open for all feedback, but we're especially searching for feedback on all non-technical aspects.  We currently have a spreadsheet of all known bugs / issues, so if you experience any that aren't on the list, we encourage you to report it! 

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iIPjqI47CVt9hJTTJgE-VyuyhmL0G1kcLtonY8b3... 

This project is a student exam project made in ~3-4 weeks using mono-game. Updates / changes are not promised to be made or released for that reason.

(This project and the developers are not affiliated with the LEGO Group, and all trademarks are property of LEGO)

Больше информации
Скачать
BionicleDOT.zip
15 MB
Инструкции по установке
With the Itch app:
Click install
Click play when it is finished!
Manual Download
Download the zip file, and extract
Open extracted folder and open 'BionicleRpg.exe'
(Bonus) Delete save files
Navigate to the installation folder
Find 'BionicleRpgDatabase.db' and delete it
Upon opening game, a new file should be made without any saves in it
Комментарии
Оставьте комментарий…



Mirrorman95
2 years ago
"DESTINTY"?

Ответить
Пожаловаться


itch.io
·
Просмотреть всё от Ripofirm
·
Пожаловаться
·
Встроить
·
Обновлено May 31, 2023
Games › Adventure › Free